Update approval workflow inc asana (#13)
openjs-foundation/community-fund: programs/travel-fund/travel-fund.md

> # Travel Fund

Reviewer: this should probably be renamed to `README.md` or `index.md`?

> This fund exists to support individuals who may not otherwise have the opportunity to attend in three categories.

Reviewer: are this and index.md now duplicates?

Fund Applicants should seek to use employer funds as a first resort. Need is a factor.

Requests must be made prior to the start of travel. Requests submitted once travel is complete will not be approved.

It is strongly recommended that you submit your request far enough in advance to get approval before making relevant expenditures. Review of requests will take at least 72 hours and may take considerably longer. Note, with limited funds available, approval is not guaranteed. If a request is rejected, reimbursement will not be issued. The Foundation cannot pre-pay for travel expenditures.

## Eligibility Criteria:
* Candidates must be an active participant of one of the projects of the OpenJS Foundation.
* An active member of a project community is someone who has had recent, sustained contributions to the project during the past 90 days.
* All projects in the foundation, regardless of stage or incubation status, are eligible to use the travel fund, this includes employees of the foundation member companies as well.

## Reimbursement

Being reimbursed is a two-step process:

1. Pre-approval
2. Submitting expenses  

### Step One: Pre-Approval
Apply for pre-approval by:

>    * Open a pull request in this repo to add your entry to this years file in the ```travel-fund``` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Open a pull request in this repo to add your entry to this year‘s file in the ```travel-fund``` directory.
```
